= magento-rb

Use Magento's XMLRPC API like this:

    require "magento-rb"
    options = {
        :debug => true, 
        :proxy => http://my.host.name:port, 
        :timeout => 90
    }
    xml_api = Magento::XmlApi.new "http://localhost/magento", "username", "api_key", options
    
    # Pass in the XMLRPC method name and ID parameter as arguments
    response = xml_api.call("sales_order.info", "123")
    
    # Call XMLRPC methods on xml_api directly
    response = xml_api.sales_order_info("123")
    
    # Create a new customer
    customer_id = xml_api.customer_create(:email => email)

The SOAP API v2 has a similar interface, but it is about 3x slower than XMLRPC and responses are more verbose.

== Contributing to magento-rb
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Thanks

Thanks to Guewen Baconnier for his quick start in XMLRPC for Magento:

https://gist.github.com/1875404

Learned about Savon and some of the basics from here:

http://www.polyvision.org/2011/11/02/using-magento-soap-api-with-ruby-and-savon/

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Joel Van Horn. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

